# Pythons
Python bits and tutorials
The "newspaper puzzles" here currently consist of a program that scrambles the letters in a word, and a word search generator (unfinished).
The first program works by getting all the letters from a given string, then adding a random letter from that string to another string to be returned later in a list with all the other words.
The word search works (or rather doesn't work) by using the number of words in the list and trends of the length of those words to determine the size of the word search. It then generates a grid using a few for loops that make a list of lists, that we temporarily fill with spaces. The word search then goes through the list of words, and picks a random direction, then determines a random location that would fit within the square, given the size of the word search, and the length of the word. It then goes through the grid as if it were entering the word, but instead only checks if the word could go there without interfereing with another word. If it doesn't, that's what the while loop is for. If "safe" remains true after pretending to enter the word, that means the program didn't hit any road blocks, and then goes on to actually enter the word by iterating through the x and y squares that have been cleared for that word. Another function then prints the grid, and there you go.
I am going to get it to fill in the rest of the grid by replacing the spots that still contain a space, with random indexes from a 'list(string.ascii_uppercase)'
Patients.py and Patients.txt are file IO examples, with Patients.txt containing the name, height, weight, age, and the date of their last appointment. Patients.py takes all this data and puts it in a class, that also uses datetime to figure out when the next appointment should be, and issues reminders for upcoming appointments.